[OV JS] Update openvino-node version to 2025.3.0 (#31314)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: samples/js/node/README.md

npm install
```

> If you use the master branch, the openvino-node version is not released. Please follow 
> [this instruction](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/src/bindings/js/docs/README.md#build) 
> to build the latest version of OpenVINO Node from source, or switch to one of the previous releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The samples use a released version of `openvino-node`. If you wish to use the master branch, you will need to build it from source. Refer to [this guide](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/src/bindings/js/docs/README.md#build) for instructions on building the latest version of `openvino-node` from source, or consider switching to a previous stable release.
```
